update broken link (#6829)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/install-moodle-integration.md

* Auto-installation of the Moodle tab and the Moodle Assistant bot into each synchronized team. (Coming soon)
* One-click publishing of the Moodle app into your private Teams App Store. (Coming soon)

> To learn more about the functionality this integration provides, go [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/resources/moodleinstructions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the functionality this integration provides, see [Installing the Moodle integration with Microsoft Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/resources/moodleinstructions).
```
